Create .gitbook.yaml (#313)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-incident-response: docs/playbooks/incident-task-management.md

# Steps and Stages

> You can plan your incident response workflow in advance using steps and stages to allocate tasks to team members who'll form part of the incident. 

Reviewer: nit: `who'll` doesn't sound right to my ears -- should we prefer `who will` in this context?

Author: Yeah, I'm happy with that. It does look/sound a bit jarring.

> You can plan your incident response workflow in advance using steps and stages to allocate tasks to team members who'll form part of the incident. 

Author: ```suggestion
You can plan your incident response workflow in advance using steps and stages to allocate tasks to team members who will form part of the incident. 
```
